Let's start off with those Joe Sai
comments. Kind of shook up the market.
We were tracking some data center stocks
including yours. They traded lower after
Joe Joai's comments about a potential
bubble around data centers. What are you
seeing when it comes to demand right
now? Um and I want to can you compare it
to uh
prec and after deepsee? Absolutely.
Well, first I'd say the overall data
center picture for demand is is quite
strong and robust and AI is only a
portion of the workloads that are being
housed by data centers. Data centers are
powering everything we do every day.
You're watching the news, you're uh
ordering lunch, you're trading stocks,
you're anything that's happening across
the entire economy and infrastructure. I
got to be fair, John. We we get that,
but has demand declined post DeepS seek?
Are you starting to see it peak? Uh it's
one thing for it to be growing, but has
the growth rate of demand that's coming
in, I know this is kind of a nebulous
number, but has that slowed down a bit?
Are companies seeing that they are
believing that they need less capacity?
We haven't seen that manifest so far. I
would just say again, demand is very
robust. I would say we're pretty much
constrained more around delivery of
capacity off of the overall supply
chain. Utility being one of the key
constraints. All right. Speaking of
utilities, uh power, that's one of the
key components of a data center. Oaklo
had its earnings. Um they kind of put
out there that there's a lot of demand
uh for AI, excuse me, for energy coming
from data centers. You're working with
Oaklo, but you're not going to get that
power anytime soon. Kind of lay out how
you're working with them, what contracts
you've signed, and what are your
expectations from that company? Yeah,
overall uh the utility and and power
requirements in particular for data
centers is going to be one of the
limiting factors for us looking into the
future. And so we're pursuing a strategy
which is we want to make sure we're
stimulating all of the players that are
on out in the market generating new new
capacity for us and Oaklo is one of
those. And so our ability then to sign a
contract, give them certainty that we're
going to be there when the power becomes
available as an offtaker and and that
they'll be having revenue off of that is
important for them to continue their
development. So, I I was looking at a
Goldman Sachs report uh earlier this
morning. Uh according to Goldman Sachs
estimates, uh the data center power
demand is going to increase by 165% by
2030. Do you believe that Oakland is
going to be able to provide you with
some power by then? And if not, where do
you get it from? Uh again, we're hopeful
working with the administration that we
can get forward progress on some of the
uh permitting issues that are that are
one of the largest barriers for broader
adoption of nuclear energy. Uh but
again, we're working with everybody
across the entire landscape for for all
abilities. Certainly natural gas as a
bridge solution to that is is an option
that we're pursuing. Uh you use nuclear
right now. Like what percentage roughly
what percentage of the power that you
use right now comes from from nuclear
facilities. Uh probably less than 10% on
a global basis. Again, it's just part of
the mix of the grid. All right. Just
part of the mix. Um big event coming up
this week, the Core Weave IPO. Coravee
is a customer of yours. What does this
IPO mean not only for your business when
it comes to numbers, but also sentiment?
Uh I think overall it's a great
validation around the AI use cases that
are out there and and like the broader
adoption of hey this is getting very
very real and delivering revenue and and
out to the market and impact for
enterprises. Uh and so I think that
that's an important momentum builder for
us uh for for the what we're doing for
coreweave it's really about bringing
their capacity and technology to the
rest of our customers. uh our focus is
around interconnecting all of the
service providers around the world along
with the top enterprises helping their
data connect into AI. So with this IPO,
do you believe that investors are going
to see the success of the IPO as kind of
a window into your business? I mean this
is a company that's certainly testing
the limits. Uh Christina Parsons did a
great job kind of laying out the company
and some of the issues it has with debt
and also GPUs that it it uses um you
know that are fast appreciated. Um, so
investors are paying close attention to
this company for the quoteunquote AI
trade. Do you think this is going to be
uh for investors something that gives a
window into the sentiment of of how they
see your business? I don't think so. I
look at a cor again an important
customer of ours in terms of part of the
mix of service providers that are out
there. Uh, all of the hyperscalers are
customers. You look at Amazon,
Microsoft, Google along with hundreds of
other service providers across the
entire land. So if it jumps, you don't
think your stock jumps along with it? I
mean, they're a customer of yours and
it's kind of a signal the AI demand is
strong. You don't think it benefits you?
Uh I think there's momentum trade
associated with that but I think there's
a broader macro picture that investors
are looking at. Um one of the quick
questions we were talking about it a lot
of steel and aluminum used in data
centers. How will these tariffs impact
you? Uh well we look at that certainly
from a cost perspective and how we'll be
able to translate that downstream into
our customers. Uh again our customers
are able to absorb that. Generally the
data center portion is a pretty small
total component of their overall spend.